I started using Claudebot as an I started using Claudebot as an I started using Claudebot as an experiment. It has quickly become one of experiment. It has quickly become one of experiment. It has quickly become one of the most important pieces of technology the most important pieces of technology the most important pieces of technology in my life. And if you haven't heard of in my life. And if you haven't heard of in my life. And if you haven't heard of Claudebot, it has been going absolutely Claudebot, it has been going absolutely Claudebot, it has been going absolutely viral. It is the most personal and viral. It is the most personal and viral. It is the most personal and capable AI assistant that I have ever capable AI assistant that I have ever capable AI assistant that I have ever seen. It allows you to get real tasks seen. It allows you to get real tasks seen. It allows you to get real tasks done by connecting the different done by connecting the different done by connecting the different services that you use like Gmail, services that you use like Gmail, services that you use like Gmail, Telegram, Asauna, Slack. Everything can Telegram, Asauna, Slack. Everything can Telegram, Asauna, Slack. Everything can be connected together and you just chat be connected together and you just chat be connected together and you just chat with your personal assistant with your with your personal assistant with your with your personal assistant with your Claudebot directly through whatever chat Claudebot directly through whatever chat Claudebot directly through whatever chat interface that you want to use. I interface that you want to use. I interface that you want to use. I personally choose Telegram. Cloudbot personally choose Telegram. Cloudbot personally choose Telegram. Cloudbot learns about you and continuously gets learns about you and continuously gets learns about you and continuously gets better. It is truly incredible. But a better. It is truly incredible. But a better. It is truly incredible. But a lot of people still don't know how to lot of people still don't know how to lot of people still don't know how to use it, and that's what I'm going to use it, and that's what I'm going to use it, and that's what I'm going to show you today. By the end of this show you today. By the end of this show you today. By the end of this video, you will become a Cladbot expert. video, you will become a Cladbot expert. video, you will become a Cladbot expert. But before we can actually use But before we can actually use But before we can actually use Claudebot, we have to get it set up. And Claudebot, we have to get it set up. And Claudebot, we have to get it set up. And there are a number of different ways to there are a number of different ways to there are a number of different ways to do that. Installing it on your local do that. Installing it on your local do that. Installing it on your local machine, using external hardware, or machine, using external hardware, or machine, using external hardware, or what we're going to be doing today, what we're going to be doing today, what we're going to be doing today, using a virtual private server. And using a virtual private server. And using a virtual private server. And we're going to be using Hostinger to do we're going to be using Hostinger to do we're going to be using Hostinger to do it, who is also the sponsor of today's it, who is also the sponsor of today's it, who is also the sponsor of today's video. So, huge shout out to them. And video. So, huge shout out to them. And video. So, huge shout out to them. And it is basically one click to get it up it is basically one click to get it up it is basically one click to get it up and running on Hostinger. So, the and running on Hostinger. So, the and running on Hostinger. So, the benefits of using a VPS are super simple benefits of using a VPS are super simple benefits of using a VPS are super simple to set up. It is always on and it is to set up. It is always on and it is to set up. It is always on and it is secure because it is completely isolated secure because it is completely isolated secure because it is completely isolated from any of your personal devices. And from any of your personal devices. And from any of your personal devices. And Hostinger is offering 10% off their Hostinger is offering 10% off their Hostinger is offering 10% off their already cheap VPS service with one-click already cheap VPS service with one-click already cheap VPS service with one-click Cloudbot install. All you have to do is Cloudbot install. All you have to do is Cloudbot install. All you have to do is use the code MatthewB and go to use the code MatthewB and go to use the code MatthewB and go to hostinger.com/matthewb. hostinger.com/matthewb. hostinger.com/matthewb. I'll drop everything in the description I'll drop everything in the description I'll drop everything in the description below. All right. And getting it set up below. All right. And getting it set up below. All right. And getting it set up with Hostinger is dead simple. You just with Hostinger is dead simple. You just with Hostinger is dead simple. You just come to this page. I'll drop the link come to this page. I'll drop the link come to this page. I'll drop the link down below. And all you have to do is down below. And all you have to do is down below. And all you have to do is click deploy. On this page, you can click deploy. On this page, you can click deploy. On this page, you can select your time duration. And this is select your time duration. And this is select your time duration. And this is where you're actually going to purchase where you're actually going to purchase where you're actually going to purchase the VPS. Right here, you can select 1 the VPS. Right here, you can select 1 the VPS. Right here, you can select 1 month, 12 month, 24 month. I'll start month, 12 month, 24 month. I'll start month, 12 month, 24 month. I'll start with 24 months. And right over here with 24 months. And right over here with 24 months. And right over here where it says have a coupon code. Yes, where it says have a coupon code. Yes, where it says have a coupon code. Yes, we do. Matthew B. Apply. And there you we do. Matthew B. Apply. And there you we do. Matthew B. Apply. And there you go. You get 10% off. Now continue. And go. You get 10% off. Now continue. And go. You get 10% off. Now continue. And there you go. Payment done. Then it's there you go. Payment done. Then it's there you go. Payment done. Then it's going to bring you to this configuration going to bring you to this configuration going to bring you to this configuration page. You could put your API key from page. You could put your API key from page. You could put your API key from Anthropic, OpenAI, Gemini, XAI, anything Anthropic, OpenAI, Gemini, XAI, anything Anthropic, OpenAI, Gemini, XAI, anything else. And then click deploy. And then else. And then click deploy. And then else. And then click deploy. And then you can connect everything else you need you can connect everything else you need you can connect everything else you need by opening up terminal and going through by opening up terminal and going through by opening up terminal and going through the open claw onboarding. And of course the open claw onboarding. And of course the open claw onboarding. And of course all of this is optional. And here you all of this is optional. And here you all of this is optional. And here you can see we're good to go in Telegram. I can see we're good to go in Telegram. I can see we're good to go in Telegram. I said hello and my clawbot says hey said hello and my clawbot says hey said hello and my clawbot says hey what's up. All right. So the first thing what's up. All right. So the first thing what's up. All right. So the first thing to really understand are all the to really understand are all the to really understand are all the different MD files that you have that different MD files that you have that different MD files that you have that really form what this Cloudbot is for really form what this Cloudbot is for really form what this Cloudbot is for you. And there are a bunch heartbeat you. And there are a bunch heartbeat you. And there are a bunch heartbeat identity memory soul tools and user. So identity memory soul tools and user. So identity memory soul tools and user. So this is the soul.md file. This is this is the soul.md file. This is this is the soul.md file. This is basically defining what the personality basically defining what the personality basically defining what the personality of your Claudebot is going to be. Feel of your Claudebot is going to be. Feel of your Claudebot is going to be. Feel free to come in here and edit as you see free to come in here and edit as you see free to come in here and edit as you see fit. Then we have the skills. This is fit. Then we have the skills. This is fit. Then we have the skills. This is really what makes Cladbot so incredibly really what makes Cladbot so incredibly really what makes Cladbot so incredibly capable. This is where you give it all capable. This is where you give it all capable. This is where you give it all the skills that help it browse the web, the skills that help it browse the web, the skills that help it browse the web, check your email, access Twitter, and check your email, access Twitter, and check your email, access Twitter, and all of your custom skills as well. So, all of your custom skills as well. So, all of your custom skills as well. So, anything that you tell Cloudbot to do anything that you tell Cloudbot to do anything that you tell Cloudbot to do that it doesn't already know how to do, that it doesn't already know how to do, that it doesn't already know how to do, it's going to create a skill from that it's going to create a skill from that it's going to create a skill from that and save it here. You can think of a and save it here. You can think of a and save it here. You can think of a skill as a repeatable process. Anything skill as a repeatable process. Anything skill as a repeatable process. Anything where you have multiple steps and you're where you have multiple steps and you're where you have multiple steps and you're using different tools along the way. And using different tools along the way. And using different tools along the way. And so that's defined here. So we have the so that's defined here. So we have the so that's defined here. So we have the humanizer skill for example and a whole humanizer skill for example and a whole humanizer skill for example and a whole bunch more in here. And the skills bunch more in here. And the skills bunch more in here. And the skills reference tools. And tools are pieces of reference tools. And tools are pieces of reference tools. And tools are pieces of code that allow it to actually code that allow it to actually code that allow it to actually accomplish those things that the skills accomplish those things that the skills accomplish those things that the skills want to do. So here's an example. Here's want to do. So here's an example. Here's want to do. So here's an example. Here's fetch.js. fetch.js. fetch.js. And it's basically a JS file that allows And it's basically a JS file that allows And it's basically a JS file that allows my agent to plug into ASA really easily my agent to plug into ASA really easily my agent to plug into ASA really easily and grab information from my ASA board. and grab information from my ASA board. and grab information from my ASA board. And again, you don't need to write any And again, you don't need to write any And again, you don't need to write any of this. It's all done through natural of this. It's all done through natural of this. It's all done through natural language through Telegram or WhatsApp or language through Telegram or WhatsApp or language through Telegram or WhatsApp or wherever you're using your Claudebot. wherever you're using your Claudebot. wherever you're using your Claudebot. Then we have the identity file and it's Then we have the identity file and it's Then we have the identity file and it's very similar to Soul in a lot of ways. very similar to Soul in a lot of ways. very similar to Soul in a lot of ways. It basically tells Claudebot how it's It basically tells Claudebot how it's It basically tells Claudebot how it's actually going to interact with you from actually going to interact with you from actually going to interact with you from a tone and emojis perspective. So we see a tone and emojis perspective. So we see a tone and emojis perspective. So we see name, Claude, vibe, emoji, avatar, and name, Claude, vibe, emoji, avatar, and name, Claude, vibe, emoji, avatar, and so that's what's in the identity file. so that's what's in the identity file. so that's what's in the identity file. Cloudbot now has a memory folder in Cloudbot now has a memory folder in Cloudbot now has a memory folder in which it stores all of its memories which it stores all of its memories which it stores all of its memories about you. And you can just let it store about you. And you can just let it store about you. And you can just let it store everything. You can always go in there everything. You can always go in there everything. You can always go in there and prune things that you don't think it and prune things that you don't think it and prune things that you don't think it needs to know anymore. But for the most needs to know anymore. But for the most needs to know anymore. But for the most part, there's no harm in just having it part, there's no harm in just having it part, there's no harm in just having it store most of what it learns about you. store most of what it learns about you. store most of what it learns about you. Then we have the heartbeat file, which Then we have the heartbeat file, which Then we have the heartbeat file, which basically runs every so often. I think basically runs every so often. I think basically runs every so often. I think by default it's every 30 minutes but by default it's every 30 minutes but by default it's every 30 minutes but it's whatever you want to have happen on it's whatever you want to have happen on it's whatever you want to have happen on a recurring basis but we also have cron a recurring basis but we also have cron a recurring basis but we also have cron jobs and I'll get to that in a moment jobs and I'll get to that in a moment jobs and I'll get to that in a moment and again this entire cloudbot project and again this entire cloudbot project and again this entire cloudbot project will grow with you so as you figure out will grow with you so as you figure out will grow with you so as you figure out ways that you want it to run you just ways that you want it to run you just ways that you want it to run you just tell it and it will start to learn to do tell it and it will start to learn to do tell it and it will start to learn to do that. All right so those are all the that. All right so those are all the that. All right so those are all the basics I want to get into a little bit basics I want to get into a little bit basics I want to get into a little bit more advanced stuff now. All right so more advanced stuff now. All right so more advanced stuff now. All right so next I want to talk about model next I want to talk about model next I want to talk about model selection because that's probably one of selection because that's probably one of selection because that's probably one of the biggest open questions that people the biggest open questions that people the biggest open questions that people have right now is what model should I be have right now is what model should I be have right now is what model should I be using? What should be the primary model? using? What should be the primary model? using? What should be the primary model? What should be the fallback model? What should be the fallback model? What should be the fallback model? Should I use multiple models? Do I use a Should I use multiple models? Do I use a Should I use multiple models? Do I use a local model? And the answer is yes, all local model? And the answer is yes, all local model? And the answer is yes, all of it. And I've set up my model routing of it. And I've set up my model routing of it. And I've set up my model routing to be pretty sophisticated. And I want to be pretty sophisticated. And I want to be pretty sophisticated. And I want to show you. And the way I want to show to show you. And the way I want to show to show you. And the way I want to show you is by asking my cloudbot. So I'm you is by asking my cloudbot. So I'm you is by asking my cloudbot. So I'm going to say, show me your model going to say, show me your model going to say, show me your model selection logic hierarchy. So it's going selection logic hierarchy. So it's going selection logic hierarchy. So it's going to read from its own files and show me to read from its own files and show me to read from its own files and show me right now. So the primary model I'm right now. So the primary model I'm right now. So the primary model I'm using right now is Cloud Sonnet 4.5. And using right now is Cloud Sonnet 4.5. And using right now is Cloud Sonnet 4.5. And that is because it is a workhorse. It is that is because it is a workhorse. It is that is because it is a workhorse. It is much cheaper than Opus. And so for the much cheaper than Opus. And so for the much cheaper than Opus. And so for the default interaction through chat, that default interaction through chat, that default interaction through chat, that is what I'm using. But I also have a is what I'm using. But I also have a is what I'm using. But I also have a fallback chain. I use Gemini 3 Flash, fallback chain. I use Gemini 3 Flash, fallback chain. I use Gemini 3 Flash, which is incredibly fast and cheap. I which is incredibly fast and cheap. I which is incredibly fast and cheap. I have Opus 4.5 here. I have Open Router have Opus 4.5 here. I have Open Router have Opus 4.5 here. I have Open Router that I'm using to route to other models that I'm using to route to other models that I'm using to route to other models that maybe aren't on my initial list. that maybe aren't on my initial list. that maybe aren't on my initial list. And I was even running local models, but And I was even running local models, but And I was even running local models, but I'm not doing that in this moment. And I'm not doing that in this moment. And I'm not doing that in this moment. And so you can have local models running for so you can have local models running for so you can have local models running for things like cron jobs and other really things like cron jobs and other really things like cron jobs and other really basic tasks that don't require frontier basic tasks that don't require frontier basic tasks that don't require frontier models, unless of course you can run one models, unless of course you can run one models, unless of course you can run one of those frontier open source models of those frontier open source models of those frontier open source models locally. And there are a few different locally. And there are a few different locally. And there are a few different ways that you can have it select which ways that you can have it select which ways that you can have it select which model it's using. You can simply say in model it's using. You can simply say in model it's using. You can simply say in natural language, switch to Sonnet 4.5. natural language, switch to Sonnet 4.5. natural language, switch to Sonnet 4.5. Hit enter and it's going to switch to Hit enter and it's going to switch to Hit enter and it's going to switch to that model for this chat. It will also that model for this chat. It will also that model for this chat. It will also make a decision about which model it make a decision about which model it make a decision about which model it should use at any given time depending should use at any given time depending should use at any given time depending on the task complexity. So we say done on the task complexity. So we say done on the task complexity. So we say done back on sonnet 45. You can also type back on sonnet 45. You can also type back on sonnet 45. You can also type slashmodel and if you ever get slashmodel and if you ever get slashmodel and if you ever get disconnected or you run into a rate disconnected or you run into a rate disconnected or you run into a rate limit on one of your models, use /model limit on one of your models, use /model limit on one of your models, use /model to show or set the different models that to show or set the different models that to show or set the different models that you have. So the way I'm doing it is for you have. So the way I'm doing it is for you have. So the way I'm doing it is for anything coding, I'm usually using anything coding, I'm usually using anything coding, I'm usually using sonnet, but if it's an especially sonnet, but if it's an especially sonnet, but if it's an especially complex coding task, I tell it to route complex coding task, I tell it to route complex coding task, I tell it to route to opus 4.5. For most kind of basic to opus 4.5. For most kind of basic to opus 4.5. For most kind of basic interactions, I'm either using Sonnet. interactions, I'm either using Sonnet. interactions, I'm either using Sonnet. Sometimes I'll switch to Haiku because Sometimes I'll switch to Haiku because Sometimes I'll switch to Haiku because it's even faster and much cheaper. And it's even faster and much cheaper. And it's even faster and much cheaper. And of course, I'm experimenting with models of course, I'm experimenting with models of course, I'm experimenting with models all the time. And remember, the model all the time. And remember, the model all the time. And remember, the model you select definitely affects the you select definitely affects the you select definitely affects the personality of your Claudebot. Now, if personality of your Claudebot. Now, if personality of your Claudebot. Now, if you don't care about that, don't even you don't care about that, don't even you don't care about that, don't even worry about it. Just use any model worry about it. Just use any model worry about it. Just use any model that's best for your use case. But if that's best for your use case. But if that's best for your use case. But if you do care about the actual you do care about the actual you do care about the actual personality, you're probably going to personality, you're probably going to personality, you're probably going to get familiar with one model, and get familiar with one model, and get familiar with one model, and switching is a little bit jarring. Now, switching is a little bit jarring. Now, switching is a little bit jarring. Now, Clawbot packages up everything about its Clawbot packages up everything about its Clawbot packages up everything about its personality, all of your memories, and personality, all of your memories, and personality, all of your memories, and will send it to each of these models will send it to each of these models will send it to each of these models individually, but the way that the individually, but the way that the individually, but the way that the models themselves handle all of that and models themselves handle all of that and models themselves handle all of that and respond to you still will be different respond to you still will be different respond to you still will be different depending on the model. Okay, now I want depending on the model. Okay, now I want depending on the model. Okay, now I want to get into skills and tools. This is to get into skills and tools. This is to get into skills and tools. This is really what makes Claudebot special. really what makes Claudebot special. really what makes Claudebot special. This is the thing that sets it apart This is the thing that sets it apart This is the thing that sets it apart from any other tool that I've ever used. from any other tool that I've ever used. from any other tool that I've ever used. It just so easily plugs into any It just so easily plugs into any It just so easily plugs into any service, any product that you're using. service, any product that you're using. service, any product that you're using. I have it plugged into my Gmail, to my I have it plugged into my Gmail, to my I have it plugged into my Gmail, to my Drive, to my calendar, a sauna, Slack, Drive, to my calendar, a sauna, Slack, Drive, to my calendar, a sauna, Slack, HubSpot. A majority of services that I HubSpot. A majority of services that I HubSpot. A majority of services that I use, I allow Claudebot to plug into. use, I allow Claudebot to plug into. use, I allow Claudebot to plug into. Now, I'm fairly technical, so I really Now, I'm fairly technical, so I really Now, I'm fairly technical, so I really have thought about the security have thought about the security have thought about the security implications about connecting all of implications about connecting all of implications about connecting all of these different services, and I'm doing these different services, and I'm doing these different services, and I'm doing so in a secure way. I'm going to talk so in a secure way. I'm going to talk so in a secure way. I'm going to talk about security later in the video, so be about security later in the video, so be about security later in the video, so be sure to stick around for that. But to sure to stick around for that. But to sure to stick around for that. But to plug it into a new service, it is plug it into a new service, it is plug it into a new service, it is simple. All you have to do is tell it. simple. All you have to do is tell it. simple. All you have to do is tell it. That's it. It'll look for skills. If it That's it. It'll look for skills. If it That's it. It'll look for skills. If it doesn't already have the skill, it will doesn't already have the skill, it will doesn't already have the skill, it will write one itself. You might have to grab write one itself. You might have to grab write one itself. You might have to grab an API key from somewhere, but that's an API key from somewhere, but that's an API key from somewhere, but that's about it. You do it all through chat about it. You do it all through chat about it. You do it all through chat with natural language. And you can even with natural language. And you can even with natural language. And you can even get very sophisticated with your model get very sophisticated with your model get very sophisticated with your model selection. So, I'm a cursor user and I selection. So, I'm a cursor user and I selection. So, I'm a cursor user and I installed cursor agent in my hosting or installed cursor agent in my hosting or installed cursor agent in my hosting or VPS and I'm actually able to control my VPS and I'm actually able to control my VPS and I'm actually able to control my cursor agent through Claudebot through cursor agent through Claudebot through cursor agent through Claudebot through Telegram. So, anytime that I have a Telegram. So, anytime that I have a Telegram. So, anytime that I have a complex coding task, I'm telling my complex coding task, I'm telling my complex coding task, I'm telling my Claudebot to delegate it out to my Claudebot to delegate it out to my Claudebot to delegate it out to my cursor agent and it does that and it's cursor agent and it does that and it's cursor agent and it does that and it's super impressive. Now, the only thing to super impressive. Now, the only thing to super impressive. Now, the only thing to remember with that is that cursor agent remember with that is that cursor agent remember with that is that cursor agent has basically no personality. So has basically no personality. So has basically no personality. So sometimes when it responds back to you sometimes when it responds back to you sometimes when it responds back to you and Telegram that it's done or giving and Telegram that it's done or giving and Telegram that it's done or giving you an update, it basically strips all you an update, it basically strips all you an update, it basically strips all the personality that you're familiar the personality that you're familiar the personality that you're familiar with. And again, it's a little bit with. And again, it's a little bit with. And again, it's a little bit jarring, but feel free to plug in the jarring, but feel free to plug in the jarring, but feel free to plug in the tools that you're most comfortable with. tools that you're most comfortable with. tools that you're most comfortable with. And I would recommend starting with more And I would recommend starting with more And I would recommend starting with more lowrisk tools. Now, if you want to lowrisk tools. Now, if you want to lowrisk tools. Now, if you want to browse new skills or you want to get browse new skills or you want to get browse new skills or you want to get inspiration for things that your Cladbot inspiration for things that your Cladbot inspiration for things that your Cladbot can do, go to clawhub.com. This is the can do, go to clawhub.com. This is the can do, go to clawhub.com. This is the official Cloudbot skill repository by official Cloudbot skill repository by official Cloudbot skill repository by the Cladbot creator. So up here, click the Cladbot creator. So up here, click the Cladbot creator. So up here, click skills, and you can just see a ton of skills, and you can just see a ton of skills, and you can just see a ton of different skills that are available. different skills that are available. different skills that are available. Now, keep in mind, these are written by Now, keep in mind, these are written by Now, keep in mind, these are written by other people. There's always a chance other people. There's always a chance other people. There's always a chance there's some malicious code in there. there's some malicious code in there. there's some malicious code in there. So, what I like to do is tell my So, what I like to do is tell my So, what I like to do is tell my Claudebot, go download this, but first, Claudebot, go download this, but first, Claudebot, go download this, but first, scan it, make sure there's nothing scan it, make sure there's nothing scan it, make sure there's nothing malicious in there, and I want to always malicious in there, and I want to always malicious in there, and I want to always use the best possible model to do that use the best possible model to do that use the best possible model to do that because the best possible model is going because the best possible model is going because the best possible model is going to be less susceptible to prompt to be less susceptible to prompt to be less susceptible to prompt injection. Okay. Next, another core injection. Okay. Next, another core injection. Okay. Next, another core mechanic of CloudBot is it being able to mechanic of CloudBot is it being able to mechanic of CloudBot is it being able to do things for you on a scheduled basis. do things for you on a scheduled basis. do things for you on a scheduled basis. You can have it be on a recurring basis. You can have it be on a recurring basis. You can have it be on a recurring basis. You can do a one-off scheduled task. And You can do a one-off scheduled task. And You can do a one-off scheduled task. And all of this is going to be done through all of this is going to be done through all of this is going to be done through cron jobs. And if you're not familiar cron jobs. And if you're not familiar cron jobs. And if you're not familiar with that term, it basically just means with that term, it basically just means with that term, it basically just means a scheduled thing to do. And you simply a scheduled thing to do. And you simply a scheduled thing to do. And you simply just tell it to do so. So, in 1 hour, just tell it to do so. So, in 1 hour, just tell it to do so. So, in 1 hour, remind me to drink water. I'm going to remind me to drink water. I'm going to remind me to drink water. I'm going to hit enter. And then it's going to create hit enter. And then it's going to create hit enter. And then it's going to create a cron job for me. And 1 hour from now, a cron job for me. And 1 hour from now, a cron job for me. And 1 hour from now, it's going to message me back again. and it's going to message me back again. and it's going to message me back again. and tell me to drink water. And these can tell me to drink water. And these can tell me to drink water. And these can get as complicated as you want. So, for get as complicated as you want. So, for get as complicated as you want. So, for example, one thing that I did was I have example, one thing that I did was I have example, one thing that I did was I have kind of a weird trash pickup schedule at kind of a weird trash pickup schedule at kind of a weird trash pickup schedule at my house. It happens every Monday and my house. It happens every Monday and my house. It happens every Monday and every other week. It's some rotating every other week. It's some rotating every other week. It's some rotating recycling. Sometimes it's cans, recycling. Sometimes it's cans, recycling. Sometimes it's cans, sometimes it's bottles, sometimes it's sometimes it's bottles, sometimes it's sometimes it's bottles, sometimes it's paper. And I could never remember what paper. And I could never remember what paper. And I could never remember what it is. So, I actually just told my it is. So, I actually just told my it is. So, I actually just told my Cloudbot, "Here's the schedule." like Cloudbot, "Here's the schedule." like Cloudbot, "Here's the schedule." like just took a picture of it from the just took a picture of it from the just took a picture of it from the recycling company's website, uploaded recycling company's website, uploaded recycling company's website, uploaded it, and say, "Look at what the schedule it, and say, "Look at what the schedule it, and say, "Look at what the schedule is, and every Sunday, I want you to tell is, and every Sunday, I want you to tell is, and every Sunday, I want you to tell me which cans to take out." And now it me which cans to take out." And now it me which cans to take out." And now it does that. It tells me exactly which does that. It tells me exactly which does that. It tells me exactly which recycling to put out on Sunday. Okay. recycling to put out on Sunday. Okay. recycling to put out on Sunday. Okay. Now, I'm going to show you one of the Now, I'm going to show you one of the Now, I'm going to show you one of the most powerful unlocks that I have found most powerful unlocks that I have found most powerful unlocks that I have found with Claudebot, and that is using with Claudebot, and that is using with Claudebot, and that is using Telegram groups. Now, previously what I Telegram groups. Now, previously what I Telegram groups. Now, previously what I was doing is just DMing with my Cloudbot was doing is just DMing with my Cloudbot was doing is just DMing with my Cloudbot directly. And that was fine, but we directly. And that was fine, but we directly. And that was fine, but we would just have infinite history of would just have infinite history of would just have infinite history of conversation. But if I wanted to have conversation. But if I wanted to have conversation. But if I wanted to have multiple tasks running in parallel, it multiple tasks running in parallel, it multiple tasks running in parallel, it was very difficult. I would say, "Okay, was very difficult. I would say, "Okay, was very difficult. I would say, "Okay, hold on to that idea. Let me come back hold on to that idea. Let me come back hold on to that idea. Let me come back to that and let me switch back to this to that and let me switch back to this to that and let me switch back to this other task I had you doing." And it was other task I had you doing." And it was other task I had you doing." And it was just so complicated. And then I figured just so complicated. And then I figured just so complicated. And then I figured out that you can actually use Telegram out that you can actually use Telegram out that you can actually use Telegram groups. And with a Telegram group, you groups. And with a Telegram group, you groups. And with a Telegram group, you can set up different topics. And so you can set up different topics. And so you can set up different topics. And so you can have a bunch of different can have a bunch of different can have a bunch of different conversations going in parallel with conversations going in parallel with conversations going in parallel with your Claudebot. And that is beneficial your Claudebot. And that is beneficial your Claudebot. And that is beneficial in multiple ways. One, you can have a in multiple ways. One, you can have a in multiple ways. One, you can have a very seamless conversation in each of very seamless conversation in each of very seamless conversation in each of the topic channels. And that allows you the topic channels. And that allows you the topic channels. And that allows you and Claudebot to stay on topic and not and Claudebot to stay on topic and not and Claudebot to stay on topic and not get confused about other things going get confused about other things going get confused about other things going on. That also saves on context window on. That also saves on context window on. That also saves on context window and memory because instead of loading up and memory because instead of loading up and memory because instead of loading up the entire conversation history which the entire conversation history which the entire conversation history which might include days, weeks, even years in might include days, weeks, even years in might include days, weeks, even years in the future of conversation history, it the future of conversation history, it the future of conversation history, it loads up only what is in that topic, loads up only what is in that topic, loads up only what is in that topic, saving you room in the context window. saving you room in the context window. saving you room in the context window. So here's an example. I have one for So here's an example. I have one for So here's an example. I have one for video research. I have Twitter research. video research. I have Twitter research. video research. I have Twitter research. I have an ebook I'm putting together. We I have an ebook I'm putting together. We I have an ebook I'm putting together. We have content analysis. We have a cloud have content analysis. We have a cloud have content analysis. We have a cloud skills topic and so on. And once I find skills topic and so on. And once I find skills topic and so on. And once I find that I'm done with a conversation or a that I'm done with a conversation or a that I'm done with a conversation or a topic, I go ahead and just delete it. topic, I go ahead and just delete it. topic, I go ahead and just delete it. And to do this in Telegram specifically, And to do this in Telegram specifically, And to do this in Telegram specifically, you just set up a new group. You add you just set up a new group. You add you just set up a new group. You add Claudebot as the only user. You make Claudebot as the only user. You make Claudebot as the only user. You make Claudebot an administrator of that Claudebot an administrator of that Claudebot an administrator of that group, and it should just work. And now group, and it should just work. And now group, and it should just work. And now you also have to tell Claudebot to reply you also have to tell Claudebot to reply you also have to tell Claudebot to reply to every message in the group chat, not to every message in the group chat, not to every message in the group chat, not just ones that is specifically tagged in just ones that is specifically tagged in just ones that is specifically tagged in because it's thinking it's going to be because it's thinking it's going to be because it's thinking it's going to be in a literal group chat with maybe in a literal group chat with maybe in a literal group chat with maybe dozens or hundreds of people. So, it's dozens or hundreds of people. So, it's dozens or hundreds of people. So, it's only going to respond to messages that only going to respond to messages that only going to respond to messages that it is specifically tagged in. And you it is specifically tagged in. And you it is specifically tagged in. And you don't want that with this setup. You don't want that with this setup. You don't want that with this setup. You want it to respond to every single want it to respond to every single want it to respond to every single message. So, just tell it to do that and message. So, just tell it to do that and message. So, just tell it to do that and it'll update its settings. All right. it'll update its settings. All right. it'll update its settings. All right. Here's another advanced technique that I Here's another advanced technique that I Here's another advanced technique that I use. As you're using CloudBot a lot, it use. As you're using CloudBot a lot, it use. As you're using CloudBot a lot, it is storing so many memories about you. is storing so many memories about you. is storing so many memories about you. It is creating skills and just basically It is creating skills and just basically It is creating skills and just basically creating all of this potential clutter. creating all of this potential clutter. creating all of this potential clutter. And so what I have it do daily, listen And so what I have it do daily, listen And so what I have it do daily, listen to this. Set up a daily review of your to this. Set up a daily review of your to this. Set up a daily review of your main files including agents.mmd memory, main files including agents.mmd memory, main files including agents.mmd memory, anything that you can suggest. Then anything that you can suggest. Then anything that you can suggest. Then propose changes here and see if I want propose changes here and see if I want propose changes here and see if I want to make them. Basically, it is a full to make them. Basically, it is a full to make them. Basically, it is a full audit of its codebase every single day. audit of its codebase every single day. audit of its codebase every single day. So here it says, okay, I'm going to So here it says, okay, I'm going to So here it says, okay, I'm going to review agents.mmd, memory.mmd, tools, review agents.mmd, memory.mmd, tools, review agents.mmd, memory.mmd, tools, soul, identity, user, heartbeat, and soul, identity, user, heartbeat, and soul, identity, user, heartbeat, and then it's going to look for things like then it's going to look for things like then it's going to look for things like outdated info, conflicting rules, outdated info, conflicting rules, outdated info, conflicting rules, undocumented new workflows, lessons from undocumented new workflows, lessons from undocumented new workflows, lessons from recent failures, etc. And anytime it recent failures, etc. And anytime it recent failures, etc. And anytime it finds anything that it thinks, hey, I finds anything that it thinks, hey, I finds anything that it thinks, hey, I should actually update that or clean should actually update that or clean should actually update that or clean that up, it's going to recommend it to that up, it's going to recommend it to that up, it's going to recommend it to me, and then I'm going to decide if I me, and then I'm going to decide if I me, and then I'm going to decide if I want to move forward with that or not. I want to move forward with that or not. I want to move forward with that or not. I definitely recommend doing this just to definitely recommend doing this just to definitely recommend doing this just to keep your Claudebot nice and tidy. And keep your Claudebot nice and tidy. And keep your Claudebot nice and tidy. And you can also have full multimedia you can also have full multimedia you can also have full multimedia capability. So you can have it create capability. So you can have it create capability. So you can have it create videos and images and voice, anything videos and images and voice, anything videos and images and voice, anything that you want. Here's an example. I have that you want. Here's an example. I have that you want. Here's an example. I have it plugged into Nano Banana. And I'm it plugged into Nano Banana. And I'm it plugged into Nano Banana. And I'm just going to say create an image with just going to say create an image with just going to say create an image with Nano Banana of a lobster. Okay, so I had Nano Banana of a lobster. Okay, so I had Nano Banana of a lobster. Okay, so I had to go back and forth with it a little to go back and forth with it a little to go back and forth with it a little bit, but here it is. Picture of a bit, but here it is. Picture of a bit, but here it is. Picture of a lobster. And again, you can give it lobster. And again, you can give it lobster. And again, you can give it voice capabilities with something like voice capabilities with something like voice capabilities with something like 11 Labs. It can read images. Just drag 11 Labs. It can read images. Just drag 11 Labs. It can read images. Just drag and drop in Telegram or whatever chat and drop in Telegram or whatever chat and drop in Telegram or whatever chat app you're using. So, the capabilities app you're using. So, the capabilities app you're using. So, the capabilities are truly endless. You just need to tell are truly endless. You just need to tell are truly endless. You just need to tell it what you want to do. But now, here's it what you want to do. But now, here's it what you want to do. But now, here's the really important part. Let's talk the really important part. Let's talk the really important part. Let's talk about security. I have thought a lot about security. I have thought a lot about security. I have thought a lot about security best practices. I am far about security best practices. I am far about security best practices. I am far from a security expert. So, if you have from a security expert. So, if you have from a security expert. So, if you have any thoughts about any of these, please any thoughts about any of these, please any thoughts about any of these, please drop them in the comments below. So, drop them in the comments below. So, drop them in the comments below. So, we're going to create a new topic in we're going to create a new topic in we're going to create a new topic in Telegram and we're going to call this Telegram and we're going to call this Telegram and we're going to call this security. So I will tell it something security. So I will tell it something security. So I will tell it something like never store an API key or token like never store an API key or token like never store an API key or token anywhere but A.Env file and never anywhere but A.Env file and never anywhere but A.Env file and never include AENV file in your git. Now it include AENV file in your git. Now it include AENV file in your git. Now it should do this automatically, but I like should do this automatically, but I like should do this automatically, but I like to reinforce that. And so you're going to reinforce that. And so you're going to reinforce that. And so you're going to want all of your API keys, all of to want all of your API keys, all of to want all of your API keys, all of your tokens all in one file. And then your tokens all in one file. And then your tokens all in one file. And then you don't want to include it in your git you don't want to include it in your git you don't want to include it in your git because when you push your Git to your because when you push your Git to your because when you push your Git to your GitHub account or you save it somewhere GitHub account or you save it somewhere GitHub account or you save it somewhere else, you don't want that exposed in the else, you don't want that exposed in the else, you don't want that exposed in the Git history. Now, if a lot of this Git history. Now, if a lot of this Git history. Now, if a lot of this sounds very technical, don't worry. Just sounds very technical, don't worry. Just sounds very technical, don't worry. Just type this in and that's all you need to type this in and that's all you need to type this in and that's all you need to do. Also, OpenClaw Clawbot comes with a do. Also, OpenClaw Clawbot comes with a do. Also, OpenClaw Clawbot comes with a security checkup feature. So, you simply security checkup feature. So, you simply security checkup feature. So, you simply type OpenClaw security audit. So, you type OpenClaw security audit. So, you type OpenClaw security audit. So, you can do this directly through Telegram, can do this directly through Telegram, can do this directly through Telegram, but I'm going to go back to Hostinger's but I'm going to go back to Hostinger's but I'm going to go back to Hostinger's terminal and we're going to do it there. terminal and we're going to do it there. terminal and we're going to do it there. So, from the root directory, you're So, from the root directory, you're So, from the root directory, you're going to type openclaw security audit going to type openclaw security audit going to type openclaw security audit and then hit enter. So, here it ran a and then hit enter. So, here it ran a and then hit enter. So, here it ran a security audit and we see two warnings. security audit and we see two warnings. security audit and we see two warnings. trusted proxies missing and chmod 700. trusted proxies missing and chmod 700. trusted proxies missing and chmod 700. So go ahead and fix those. And so you So go ahead and fix those. And so you So go ahead and fix those. And so you can go ahead and fix those by typing can go ahead and fix those by typing can go ahead and fix those by typing openclaw security audit- d-fix. So I'm openclaw security audit- d-fix. So I'm openclaw security audit- d-fix. So I'm going to go ahead and hit that. And going to go ahead and hit that. And going to go ahead and hit that. And there it fixes it automatically for me. there it fixes it automatically for me. there it fixes it automatically for me. Next is just how you're hosting your Next is just how you're hosting your Next is just how you're hosting your cloudbot. And that is the beauty of cloudbot. And that is the beauty of cloudbot. And that is the beauty of hostinger. You put it on hostinger and hostinger. You put it on hostinger and hostinger. You put it on hostinger and it is completely isolated from the rest it is completely isolated from the rest it is completely isolated from the rest of your environment. It is sitting in of your environment. It is sitting in of your environment. It is sitting in its own virtual private server all by its own virtual private server all by its own virtual private server all by itself. It doesn't have access to other itself. It doesn't have access to other itself. It doesn't have access to other things in your keychain on your local things in your keychain on your local things in your keychain on your local computer. It can't just take over your computer. It can't just take over your computer. It can't just take over your computer and delete a bunch of files. It computer and delete a bunch of files. It computer and delete a bunch of files. It is all isolated there. And that is super is all isolated there. And that is super is all isolated there. And that is super important. The next is I want to explain important. The next is I want to explain important. The next is I want to explain the concept of clean versus dirty data. the concept of clean versus dirty data. the concept of clean versus dirty data. Think about anything coming from the Think about anything coming from the Think about anything coming from the internet, anything coming from outside internet, anything coming from outside internet, anything coming from outside of your completely enclosed system being of your completely enclosed system being of your completely enclosed system being dirty. Meaning somebody, a malicious dirty. Meaning somebody, a malicious dirty. Meaning somebody, a malicious actor could be trying to write a prompt actor could be trying to write a prompt actor could be trying to write a prompt injection. Here is an example. If you injection. Here is an example. If you injection. Here is an example. If you have your Cloudbot reading your emails have your Cloudbot reading your emails have your Cloudbot reading your emails and somebody knows that your Cloudbot is and somebody knows that your Cloudbot is and somebody knows that your Cloudbot is reading your emails, they can send you reading your emails, they can send you reading your emails, they can send you an email with a prompt injection in the an email with a prompt injection in the an email with a prompt injection in the body of the email. So your Clawbot goes body of the email. So your Clawbot goes body of the email. So your Clawbot goes to read the email, gets prompt injected, to read the email, gets prompt injected, to read the email, gets prompt injected, and then reveals sensitive information. and then reveals sensitive information. and then reveals sensitive information. And so just keep that in mind. I'm going And so just keep that in mind. I'm going And so just keep that in mind. I'm going to say it again. Any time that your to say it again. Any time that your to say it again. Any time that your Cloudbot is exposed to dirty data, it Cloudbot is exposed to dirty data, it Cloudbot is exposed to dirty data, it has the potential to be malicious. So, has the potential to be malicious. So, has the potential to be malicious. So, be very wary. And there's a few things be very wary. And there's a few things be very wary. And there's a few things to do about that. One, again, just be to do about that. One, again, just be to do about that. One, again, just be mindful and try to limit exposure to mindful and try to limit exposure to mindful and try to limit exposure to dirty data. Also, the better model you dirty data. Also, the better model you dirty data. Also, the better model you use, the less susceptible it is to use, the less susceptible it is to use, the less susceptible it is to prompt injection. So, Opus 4.5 is going prompt injection. So, Opus 4.5 is going prompt injection. So, Opus 4.5 is going to be much less susceptible to prompt to be much less susceptible to prompt to be much less susceptible to prompt injection than Haiku would be. Also, injection than Haiku would be. Also, injection than Haiku would be. Also, Claudebot has prompt injection detection Claudebot has prompt injection detection Claudebot has prompt injection detection built in, but it's not perfect. It never built in, but it's not perfect. It never built in, but it's not perfect. It never will be perfect because that is the will be perfect because that is the will be perfect because that is the nature of AI. Another security tip, make nature of AI. Another security tip, make nature of AI. Another security tip, make sure you are updating frequently. Just a sure you are updating frequently. Just a sure you are updating frequently. Just a day ago, OpenClaw updated with a bunch day ago, OpenClaw updated with a bunch day ago, OpenClaw updated with a bunch of new security features. Next, don't of new security features. Next, don't of new security features. Next, don't trust skills. Claw Hub has already made trust skills. Claw Hub has already made trust skills. Claw Hub has already made a bunch of changes to have better a bunch of changes to have better a bunch of changes to have better security around skills that people security around skills that people security around skills that people submit, but ultimately that is dirty submit, but ultimately that is dirty submit, but ultimately that is dirty data. It is somebody submitting a skill data. It is somebody submitting a skill data. It is somebody submitting a skill and there were a lot of crypto scams and there were a lot of crypto scams and there were a lot of crypto scams already in the early days. Try not to already in the early days. Try not to already in the early days. Try not to trust skills for as much as you can and trust skills for as much as you can and trust skills for as much as you can and ultimately your Claudebot can write any ultimately your Claudebot can write any ultimately your Claudebot can write any skill that it needs. It doesn't actually skill that it needs. It doesn't actually skill that it needs. It doesn't actually have to download a skill from somebody have to download a skill from somebody have to download a skill from somebody else. So if you can write the skill else. So if you can write the skill else. So if you can write the skill yourself, if you can have your Cloudbot yourself, if you can have your Cloudbot yourself, if you can have your Cloudbot write the skill itself, always do that. write the skill itself, always do that. write the skill itself, always do that. And be thoughtful about the integrations And be thoughtful about the integrations And be thoughtful about the integrations that you're adding. If it's something that you're adding. If it's something that you're adding. If it's something that has highly sensitive data and you that has highly sensitive data and you that has highly sensitive data and you really don't want it exposed ever, you really don't want it exposed ever, you really don't want it exposed ever, you want zero chance of that and it's want zero chance of that and it's want zero chance of that and it's connected to external services that connected to external services that connected to external services that might be prompt injected. Just be very might be prompt injected. Just be very might be prompt injected. Just be very mindful about it and you can always mindful about it and you can always mindful about it and you can always limit your exposure by limiting the limit your exposure by limiting the limit your exposure by limiting the integrations that you're using. But integrations that you're using. But integrations that you're using. But again, the trade-off is capability again, the trade-off is capability again, the trade-off is capability versus risk. Last, on the security versus risk. Last, on the security versus risk. Last, on the security front, for any complex coding task or front, for any complex coding task or front, for any complex coding task or really any complex task at all, really any complex task at all, really any complex task at all, especially if there are going to be especially if there are going to be especially if there are going to be changes to files or changes to different changes to files or changes to different changes to files or changes to different integrations that I have, I always have integrations that I have, I always have integrations that I have, I always have my Claudebot propose what it's going to my Claudebot propose what it's going to my Claudebot propose what it's going to do before actually doing it. So, it's do before actually doing it. So, it's do before actually doing it. So, it's kind of like plan mode. Think about what kind of like plan mode. Think about what kind of like plan mode. Think about what you want to do. Think about the best way you want to do. Think about the best way you want to do. Think about the best way to do it. Tell me what you're going to to do it. Tell me what you're going to to do it. Tell me what you're going to do, and I'll let you know if I want you do, and I'll let you know if I want you do, and I'll let you know if I want you to do that thing or not. All right. So to do that thing or not. All right. So to do that thing or not. All right. So all of this is best practices, how to all of this is best practices, how to all of this is best practices, how to get the most out of Cloudbot, but what get the most out of Cloudbot, but what get the most out of Cloudbot, but what am I actually using Cloudbot for? And so am I actually using Cloudbot for? And so am I actually using Cloudbot for? And so I wanted to show a few examples of real I wanted to show a few examples of real I wanted to show a few examples of real use cases that I'm doing and how I set use cases that I'm doing and how I set use cases that I'm doing and how I set them up. So check this out. So one, I them up. So check this out. So one, I them up. So check this out. So one, I frequently have ideas for video topics frequently have ideas for video topics frequently have ideas for video topics and I have an entire pipeline that I use and I have an entire pipeline that I use and I have an entire pipeline that I use to track video ideas to research them to track video ideas to research them to track video ideas to research them and I basically automated the entire and I basically automated the entire and I basically automated the entire thing with Claudebot. And so here's what thing with Claudebot. And so here's what thing with Claudebot. And so here's what I do. I drop a link in Telegram and that I do. I drop a link in Telegram and that I do. I drop a link in Telegram and that link is something I want to talk about. link is something I want to talk about. link is something I want to talk about. Whether it's like an Xlink about some Whether it's like an Xlink about some Whether it's like an Xlink about some model release or a website that I wanted model release or a website that I wanted model release or a website that I wanted to talk about that looks interesting, a to talk about that looks interesting, a to talk about that looks interesting, a video, anything at all. Telegram throws video, anything at all. Telegram throws video, anything at all. Telegram throws it to Cladbot. Cladbot does research on it to Cladbot. Cladbot does research on it to Cladbot. Cladbot does research on that topic using the Brave API. It will that topic using the Brave API. It will that topic using the Brave API. It will also check Twitter for trending tweets also check Twitter for trending tweets also check Twitter for trending tweets about that topic using the Grock API. about that topic using the Grock API. about that topic using the Grock API. Then it will output an ASA task for me Then it will output an ASA task for me Then it will output an ASA task for me with all of that information. so my with all of that information. so my with all of that information. so my entire team can see it at all times and entire team can see it at all times and entire team can see it at all times and that ends up in the video ideas bucket that ends up in the video ideas bucket that ends up in the video ideas bucket in ASA. Super useful. One drop of a link in ASA. Super useful. One drop of a link in ASA. Super useful. One drop of a link and it's all done for me. Next, I'm and it's all done for me. Next, I'm and it's all done for me. Next, I'm frequently checking my YouTube frequently checking my YouTube frequently checking my YouTube statistics and I want to know how my statistics and I want to know how my statistics and I want to know how my videos are performing and history of videos are performing and history of videos are performing and history of videos. And so I gave my Cloudbot access videos. And so I gave my Cloudbot access videos. And so I gave my Cloudbot access to my YouTube data API and analytics to my YouTube data API and analytics to my YouTube data API and analytics API. So I set up a topic in Telegram API. So I set up a topic in Telegram API. So I set up a topic in Telegram like I showed you earlier. I ask in like I showed you earlier. I ask in like I showed you earlier. I ask in Telegram, okay, give me, you know, the Telegram, okay, give me, you know, the Telegram, okay, give me, you know, the last three videos, how are they last three videos, how are they last three videos, how are they performing? Cloudbot goes fetches via performing? Cloudbot goes fetches via performing? Cloudbot goes fetches via the YouTube API and the analytics API the YouTube API and the analytics API the YouTube API and the analytics API and it posts back to me in Telegram and and it posts back to me in Telegram and and it posts back to me in Telegram and I can actually have it post to Slack and I can actually have it post to Slack and I can actually have it post to Slack and tell my team how specific videos are tell my team how specific videos are tell my team how specific videos are doing. Very useful, very easy. It's doing. Very useful, very easy. It's doing. Very useful, very easy. It's basically like an analyst at all times basically like an analyst at all times basically like an analyst at all times in Telegram. Next, I have it do meeting in Telegram. Next, I have it do meeting in Telegram. Next, I have it do meeting prep for me every single day. In the prep for me every single day. In the prep for me every single day. In the morning, I have it look at my calendar, morning, I have it look at my calendar, morning, I have it look at my calendar, find all of the meetings, filter by find all of the meetings, filter by find all of the meetings, filter by anybody that I'm meeting with that is anybody that I'm meeting with that is anybody that I'm meeting with that is external, meaning not part of my external, meaning not part of my external, meaning not part of my company, and not just some event that I company, and not just some event that I company, and not just some event that I have to remind myself about. Go look up have to remind myself about. Go look up have to remind myself about. Go look up information about that person, how we information about that person, how we information about that person, how we met, what the context of the meeting is, met, what the context of the meeting is, met, what the context of the meeting is, and then give me a summary each morning and then give me a summary each morning and then give me a summary each morning about everybody I'm meeting. And so, the about everybody I'm meeting. And so, the about everybody I'm meeting. And so, the way I do that is I have it with a crown way I do that is I have it with a crown way I do that is I have it with a crown job in Telegram each morning. It fetches job in Telegram each morning. It fetches job in Telegram each morning. It fetches the Google calendar. I have it check my the Google calendar. I have it check my the Google calendar. I have it check my Gmail and I only have it check emails Gmail and I only have it check emails Gmail and I only have it check emails from people that I know so to keep it from people that I know so to keep it from people that I know so to keep it very safe and not expose myself to very safe and not expose myself to very safe and not expose myself to prompt injections. And then I have it prompt injections. And then I have it prompt injections. And then I have it report back to me in Telegram. All report back to me in Telegram. All report back to me in Telegram. All right, so those are incredibly important right, so those are incredibly important right, so those are incredibly important automations that I've set up with automations that I've set up with automations that I've set up with Cloudbot. And so that's everything. I Cloudbot. And so that's everything. I Cloudbot. And so that's everything. I know this was a long video. I know there know this was a long video. I know there know this was a long video. I know there was a lot to it, but this is honestly was a lot to it, but this is honestly was a lot to it, but this is honestly one of, if not the most useful pieces of one of, if not the most useful pieces of one of, if not the most useful pieces of artificial intelligence that I've ever artificial intelligence that I've ever artificial intelligence that I've ever used, even more so than Chai GPT. And so used, even more so than Chai GPT. And so used, even more so than Chai GPT. And so that's how to get the most out of it. that's how to get the most out of it. that's how to get the most out of it. That's how to set it up with Hostinger That's how to set it up with Hostinger That's how to set it up with Hostinger and be super secure using a VPS. Thank and be super secure using a VPS. Thank and be super secure using a VPS. Thank you again to Hostinger for sponsoring you again to Hostinger for sponsoring you again to Hostinger for sponsoring this video. Again, go get your this video. Again, go get your this video. Again, go get your HostingerVPS. hostinger.com/matthewb. HostingerVPS. hostinger.com/matthewb. HostingerVPS. hostinger.com/matthewb. Make sure to use the code matthewb. You Make sure to use the code matthewb. You Make sure to use the code matthewb. You get 10% off and it is a one-click get 10% off and it is a one-click get 10% off and it is a one-click install. They've been a great partner. install. They've been a great partner. install. They've been a great partner. I'll drop all the links down below. I'll drop all the links down below. I'll drop all the links down below. Please check it out. It really helps the Please check it out. It really helps the Please check it out. It really helps the channel if you go use them. If you channel if you go use them. If you channel if you go use them. If you enjoyed this video, please consider enjoyed this video, please consider enjoyed this video, please consider giving a like and subscribe.